Additions to the Knowledge Base (#1859)
zeit/docs: pages/knowledge/how-to-get-sponsorship.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {

>   title: 'How can I get a sponsorship for a project?',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Can Vercel sponsor my project?',
```

>   description: 'Information on getting a sponsorship for a project.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: 'Information on how Vercel can sponsor your project.',
```

>   editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/how-to-get-sponsorship.mdx',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/can-vercel-sponsor-my-project.mdx',
```

>   url: '/knowledge/how-to-get-sponsorship',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  url: '/knowledge/can-vercel-sponsor-my-project',
```

>   published: '2020-05-24T18:54:36.000Z',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  published: '2020-05-27T18:54:36.000Z',
```

  lastEdited: '2020-05-24T18:54:36.000Z'
}

> To obtain a sponsorship for a project, you will need contact Vercel support using the [support form](https://vercel.com/support/request) available from the the Vercel dashboard. You can also directly email [support@vercel.com](mailto:support@vercel.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel is committed to enabling the creation, adoption, and development of open-source projects. As such, Vercel offers the option to sponsor these projects, covering the costs of hosting them whilst providing exceptional performance.

To obtain sponsorship for a project, contact Vercel Support either via the [support form](/support/request) available from the Vercel dashboard or emailing directly at [support@vercel.com](mailto:support@vercel.com).
```

## Sponsorship Criteria

> To expedite the process of obtaining a sponsorship, please indicate in the support request that you have satisfied these criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some minor criteria that are required to be fulfilled before Vercel can sponsor your project, these are listed below:
```

> - Open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open-source.
```

- Static, not server-rendered.

> - A Vercel banner on the website's pages (footer is fine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Vercel banner in the footer of each site page.
```

> - A Vercel banner in the source repository's README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Vercel banner in the source repository's `README.md` file.
```

- All links back to Vercel should use a UTM tag with the format: `?utm_source=[project-name]`.

> <Note type="secondary">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   The Vercel banner will be provided by Vercel support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Vercel banner will be provided by Vercel Support. Alternatively, you can also use the [Vercel logo](/design#dark-logotype) prefixed with the words "Powered by".
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel sponsorship is primarily for, but not limited to, open-source projects. We sponsor a number of educational and charitable projects as well. If your project falls under these categories, please [get in touch](mailto:support@vercel.com) and we will be glad to discuss this with you.
```
